Super Cool Tree House all up on your kill feed, yeah
Seven in a row, that's a kill streak
All I had to do was just camp in a buildin'
I don't feel guilty, not even a lil bit
Oh, you're never gonna survive
Yeah, send a whole SEAL Team
More XP for the skill tree
Still so clean that it's filthy, real new flow, but it's still me
Tryna make dough like Pillsbury
If I ain't the GOAT then I will be
Walk into your film clip, all you hear is "cut cut cut"
When I'm running through your set, I ain't coming for the props
I'm just here to fuck the whole scene up, keep filming
Man, you are manure
I'm too hot, you're poppin' champagne like you blew up
Grab it out your hand like, "You what?"
Hit you with the bottle like a new yacht, I am not crazy, I am nuanced
Voices in my head singing "Doo Wop"
I don't need a place with a view
I got a super villain base in a sewer
I don't really drill but I screw up
And put a hole through ya, yeah
Mark my words like a essay
Smokin' spare ciggies like a eshay
Takin' morphine for a headache, layin' in the bath eatin' penné
Playin' reggae, man, I am so confident
Everyone look at my cockiness
When I am off the mic I am the opposite
I never show who I am just like Boba Fett
It's so ironic like Alanis Morissette
I got a jagged pill in my oesophagus
I need a vodka to wash it with
Too many oxies and not enough oxygen, please call the doctor in
Yeah

Yeah, I just don't know any better to know any better
Yeah, I just don't know anymore
(Get 'em, get 'em)
Yeah, I just don't know any better to know any better
(Get 'em, get 'em)
Yeah, I just don't know anymore (Get 'em, get 'em)

Okay, where was I then? They called the doctor in
Doctor said, "Okay, now tell me what's wrong with him?"
They said, "He's probably dead", doctor said
"Did you try restarting his heart
By switching it off and then on again?"
Huh, doctor's like "This job is tough
Let's put some pencils inside of his butt" (Huh?)
I'm thinking, "What?" Where did these guys get their doctorates?
I'm too embarrassed to tell them I wasn't dead
I'll just pretend to be
They'll prolly notice eventually
Later that week at my funeral, which was like, truly so beautiful
Never had so many compliments
They listed all my accomplishments, I felt so popular
Hopped out the coffin like, "I can explain"
My girl was screaming, I tried to be funny like
"I'm just a zombie, girl, gimme some brain"
Huh? Let me restart
Let me Rocksteady like Bebop
I don't ride waves, I'm a Street Shark (Hey!)
I don't like fame, I don't peacock
You are like a storm in a teacup
You are not hard, you a sweetheart, diva
Always on the lean like Piza, ease up
Rackin' up lines with your keycard: Visa
Vis, bruh, you ain't got no money on it neither (Yeah)
Yeah, I would rather have an early night, get a pizza
Get my girl to shoot me in the face with a sleep dart (Pew)
I have never been a part of all your little circ jerks
I am too busy making circles in the wheat crops
I do not respond, that ain't my ethos
I am not loud, I don't scream from the treetops
I do not yell 'cause I don't need to shout
The whole bar just to send you some cheap shots

Pizzeria Employee: Thank you for calling [?]. Can I help you?
Videogamedunkey: Ayy, let me get a p—p—pepperone, ayy
Pizzeria Employee: I'm sorry?
Videogamedunkey: Let me get, ah... one pepperone
Pizzeria Employee: I cannot understand you, sir
Do you want a pep—one pep—one slice of pepperone
Or do you want a pizza pepperone?
Videogamedunkey: One pepperone, yeah. Thank you
Pizzeria Employee: *Indiscernible*
Videogamedunkey: And I better get it, too